Hmph, what's the matter with you when I deal with my son?
Who will tease me again
Don't blame me for being rude
City Lord Liang Kun is your son and my fiancé
What's wrong with me trying to save him?
That's right Liang Yunsong
You can't touch my uncle for a fox
You need to know
It's all my Luo family's bodyguards outside
If I don't send it, who can take my uncle away?
Thanks bro
Mother-in-law Xie
Dad, stop being obsessed
When my mom comes, apologize to her.
Then put Luo Yingxue, the little fox spirit
Just close it to Sorong Jade
You shut up
Mrs. Luo, since your Luo family
Sure to be the enemy of our good family
Then I'm not welcome.
Miss Lorraine
Subordinates request to mobilize the power of the same boat club
Hmm, it's accurate.
Thank you, Miss Lorna
All the same boat guards are dispatched
Target home
Liang Yun said you went too far
Are you really going to go to war with me?
Mrs. Lowe
Yang Kun, I must take it with me today
The king of heaven can't save him even when he comes
If you don't want to go to war
Don't stop me from taking him
I can't even save the king
Can I save you? Mom, you're here.